SOC2 Doc Update (#7788)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/enterprise/soc2.mdx

level overview of how Teleport can be used to help your company to become SOC2 certified.

# Achieving SOC2 Compliance with Teleport
SOC2 or Service Organization Controls were developed by the American Institute of CPAs (AICPA). They are based on five trust service areas: security, availability, processing integrity, confidentiality and privacy. Teleport helps, in part, with all five trust service areas and is a key component of how Gravitational achieved SOC2 Type 2 compliance. With Teleport, we were able to implement a Beyond Corp, Zero Trust organization that met compliance requirements without slowing developers down. 

SOC Auditors look at 17 criteria (also known as principles) developed by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 

Teleport is designed to help satisfy two principal areas:
CC6: Logical and Physical Access Controls 
CC7 System Operations 

Each principle has many “Points of Focus” which will apply differently to different products and organizations, talk to an auditor to understand exactly which points of focus apply.

# What Key SOC2 Controls does Teleport help achieve?

> Teleport helps with 4 of the 9 control areas. We should write in the docs some specifics of which controls.

Reviewer: Would we want to remove the _We should write in the docs_ sentence before merging this?

## CC6 Control Activities
Teleport helps with separation of duties using RBAC and restricts access to authorized users
- Provide role-based access controls (RBAC) using short-lived certificates and your existing identity management service.

## CC6 Physical and Logical Access controls

> Teleport issues temporarily security credentials according to users role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teleport issues temporary security credentials according to the user's role.
```
